#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#

aiosignal==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
amqp==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   kombu
anytree==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-admin-csvexport
asgiref==3.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
celery==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pipenv
    #   requests
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
click==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-repl
    #   flask
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
colorama==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   click
# cx-oracle==8.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
distlib==0.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   virtualenv
dj-database-url==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-heroku
django==4.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-admin-csvexport
    #   django-filter
    #   django-heroku
    #   django-jazzmin
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-queryset-csv
    #   django-tables2
    #   django-tinymce4-lite
    #   djangorestframework
django-admin-csvexport==1.11
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ckeditor==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-colorfield==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-crispy-forms==1.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-grappelli==2.14.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-heroku==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-jazzmin==2.4.9
    # via -r requirements.in
django-js-asset==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-ckeditor
django-mathfilters==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-model-utils==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-pandas==0.6.6
    # via -r requirements.in
django-queryset-csv==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-tables2==2.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-tinymce4-lite==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-admin-style==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.13.1
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   virtualenv
flask==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in

gunicorn==20.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
haversine==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
    #   yarl
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jinja2==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jsmin==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-tinymce4-lite
kombu==5.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2

numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pandas==2.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-pandas
pi==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in

pipenv==2022.1.8
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   virtualenv
prompt-toolkit==3.0.28
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   click-repl
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via django-heroku
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
python-decouple==3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2020.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
    #   djangorestframework
    #   pandas
requests==2.25.1
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anytree
    #   click-repl
    #   django-pandas
    #   python-dateutil
slackclient==2.9.3
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlparse==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
tzdata==2022.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
    #   pandas
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-queryset-csv
urllib3==1.26.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   amqp
    #   celery
virtualenv==20.16.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pipenv
virtualenv-clone==0.5.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pipenv
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
whitenoise==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-heroku
yarl==1.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
aiohttp
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   slackclient
pillow
    # via -r requirements.in
multidict
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
frozenlist
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal